Hwigwang Lim branch (#23)
cersonsky-lab/website: members/hwigwang_lim.md

---
layout: default
---

<!-- Replace `example_student` with your name -->
<img src="/website/assets/img/hwigwang_lim.png" alt="Placeholder Image" class="center" style="max-width: 100%">

<!-- Replace `Example Student` with your name and include your start date-->
# **Hwigwang Lim (2023 - present)**

<!-- Choose your title -- feel free to be professionally silly -->
**Role in the Cersonsky Lab**: Graduate Student Researcher

<!-- Name at least one research topic amongst this list -->
**Things I'm excited about right now**: Behavior and role of particles in ionic liquid. Representation of charged molecules and particles.

<!-- Ultimately, we'll use this section to
     include papers and talks, and contributions
     But for now put whatever you want -->

> **Cool stuff I've done**: Carving Bucky Badger on a pumkin, watching movies for 8 hours a day, and all the things meaningless and meaningful at the same time.

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
**Cool stuff I've done**: Carved Bucky Badger on a pumpkin, watched movies for 8 hours in one day, and many things meaningless and meaningful at the same time.
```

Author: Great! I just added a commit for this suggestion.
